[TT-17159] MDCB Config (#2025)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: snippets/mdcb-config.mdx

ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_LISTENPORT</b><br />
Type: `int`<br />

> The rpc port which worker gateways will connect to. Open this port to accept connections via your firewall.<br>If this value is not set, the MDCB application will apply a default value of 9091.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RPC port to which Data Plane Gateways will connect. You must open this port to accept connections via your firewall. Default if not set: 9091.
```

### healthcheck_port
ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_HEALTHCHECKPORT</b><br />
Type: `int`<br />

> This port lets MDCB allow standard health checks.<br>If this value is not set, the MDCB component will apply a default value of 8181.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This port lets MDCB allow standard health checks. Default if not set: 8181.
```

Reviewer: What does this actually do?

ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_SERVEROPTIONS_MINVERSION</b><br />
Type: `uint16`<br />

> The `min_version` setting should be the minimum TLS protocol version required from the client.<br> For TLS 1.0 use 769<br>For TLS 1.1 use 770<br>For TLS 1.2 use 771<br>For TLS 1.3 use 772

Reviewer 2: @lghiur This is not valid syntax; it should be `<br/>`. The page is not rendering because of it.

Can you revert the change everywhere?

Reviewer: Why are we using this and not just putting in line breaks? We don't do this anywhere else that I can see.

Reviewer: Add a link to https://tyk.io/docs/api-management/implement-tls#controlling-tls-version-&-cipher-suites

ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_SECURITY_PRIVATECERTIFICATEENCODINGSECRET</b><br />
Type: `string`<br />

> Allows MDCB to use Mutual TLS. This requires to set `server_options.use_ssl` to true. See [Mutual TLS]({{< ref "basic-config-and-security/security/mutual-tls" >}}) for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Allows MDCB to use Mutual TLS. This requires to set `server_options.use_ssl` to true. See [Mutual TLS](/basic-config-and-security/security/mutual-tls) for more details.
```
Another auto-gen bug?

Reviewer 3: @sharadregoti prbably, this is not something we documented. Can we change it just at this PR level?

Reviewer 2: Yes we can

Reviewer: This description does not match the environment variable name. With reference to the docs (https://tyk.io/docs/api-management/implement-tls#configuring-mdcb) this field is actually a match for https://tyk.io/docs/tyk-oss-gateway/configuration#security-private_certificate_encoding_secret

> If you are using encrypted private keys, this is the secret to use to decrypt them. This must match the secret used for Gateway and Dashboard as explained [here](/docs/api-management/certificates#encryption-of-the-private-key).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are using encrypted private keys, this is the secret to use to decrypt them. This must match the secret used for Gateway and Dashboard as explained [here](/api-management/certificates#encryption-of-the-private-key).
```

and won't attempt to discover other servers within the cluster. Useful when network
restrictions prevent discovery, such as with SSH tunneling. Default is false.

### analytics.mongo_ignore_aggregations
ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_ANALYTICSCONFIG_MONGOIGNOREAGGREGATIONS</b><br />
Type: `[]string`<br />

Allows a list of aggregates to be dropped and not stored in the collection. More detailed behavior explained at https://tyk.io/docs/tyk-pump/tyk-pump-configuration/tyk-pump-environment-variables#pumps-mongoaggregate-meta-ignore_aggregations

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
List of aggregate types to exclude from storage. Aggregates in this list are dropped before being written to the collection. See [pumps.mongoaggregate.meta.ignore_aggregations](/tyk-pump/tyk-pump-configuration/tyk-pump-environment-variables#pumps-mongoaggregate-meta-ignore_aggregations) for detailed behavior.
```

### analytics.mongo_enable_aggregate_self_healing
ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_ANALYTICSCONFIG_MONGOENABLEAGGREGATESELFHEALING</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

If set to true enables self-healing for aggregate data. More detailed behavior explained at https://tyk.io/docs/tyk-pump/tyk-pump-configuration/tyk-pump-environment-variables#pumps-mongoaggregate-meta-enable_aggregate_self_healing

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If set to `true`, enables self-healing for aggregate data. See [pumps.mongoaggregate.meta.enable_aggregate_self_healing](/tyk-pump/tyk-pump-configuration/tyk-pump-environment-variables#pumps-mongoaggregate-meta-enable_aggregate_self_healing) for detailed behavior.
```

ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_ENABLEOWNERSHIP</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

> Enables [API Ownership](/tyk-dashboard/rbac#enabling-api-ownership) in MDCB. If set, the Data Plane Gateways will load only APIs that are accessible by the user and user group associated with the Gateways' [slave_options.api_key](/tyk-oss-gateway/configuration#slave_options-api_key) used to connect to MDCB.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enables [API Ownership](/api-management/user-management#enabling-api-ownership) in MDCB. If set, the Data Plane Gateways will load only APIs that are accessible by the user and user group associated with the Gateways' [slave_options.api_key](/tyk-oss-gateway/configuration#slave_options-api_key) used to connect to MDCB.
```

ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_ENABLEOWNERSHIP</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

> Enables [API Ownership]({{< ref "tyk-dashboard/rbac#enabling-api-ownership" >}}) in MDCB. It allows the gateways in the data plane cluster to load only APIs that are accessible by the user and user group associated with the `slave_options.api_key` that is used to connect to MDCB (defined in `tyk.config` of the gateway).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enables [API Ownership](/tyk-dashboard/rbac#enabling-api-ownership) in MDCB. It allows the gateways in the data plane cluster to load only APIs that are accessible by the user and user group associated with the `slave_options.api_key` that is used to connect to MDCB (defined in `tyk.config` of the gateway).
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables [API Ownership](/tyk-dashboard/rbac#enabling-api-ownership) in MDCB. If set, the Data Plane Gateways will load only APIs that are accessible by the user and user group associated with the Gateways' [`slave_options.api_key`](/tyk-oss-gateway/configuration#slave_options-api_key) used to connect to MDCB ).
```

This will be enforced if `enable_ownership` is also enabled in the Dashboard and your API definition has been associated with a user or user_group
Defaults to `false`.

### escape_dots_in_oas_paths
ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_ESCAPEDOTSINOASPATHS</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

Enable escaping of dots in OAS paths. When enabled, dots in field names will be escaped with double underscores to prevent MongoDB field name conflicts.

> Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer 2: The old description mentioned `\u002e` as the escape character; this now says double underscores, please confirm which is accurate.

```suggestion
When enabled, dots in OAS field names are escaped with double underscores to prevent MongoDB field name conflicts, and unescaped on read.
```
